Create flowfuse-2-4-release.md (#2035)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2024/05/flowfuse-2-4-release.md

---

FlowFuse 2.4 introduces better ways to work with Snapshots, Blueprints, view the content of you flows in FlowFuse, and manage the version of Node-RED running on Devices 

<!--more-->
## Export Snapshots from FlowFuse [#3627](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/3627)

You can now export your Snapshots of your Node-RED instances. This is our first step towards making it easier to move Snapshots in and out or your FlowFuse projects, as well as share them with other teams. We will be adding many more Snapshot management features over the next few releases.

## Easier creation of Node-RED instances from Blueprints [#3729](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/3729)

We introduced our library of Node-RED [Blueprints](/blog/2023/10/blueprints/) in October 2023. FlowFuse Blueprints aim to make the Node-RED experience more accessible for newcomers, while also offering a treasure trove of fresh ideas for seasoned Node-RED users. In this release, we are making it even easier to start a new Node-RED instance based on a Blueprint from our library.

## View Flows within the Team Library without loading Node-RED [#3803](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/3803)

> In September 2023 nodered.org introduced the ability to [visualise](/blog/2023/09/flow-viewer/) flows without actually loading the Node-RED editor using [gorenje's](https://github.com/gorenje) fantastic [node-red-flowviewer-js](https://github.com/gorenje/node-red-flowviewer-js). With a big thanks to gorenje, we are happy to be introducing the ability to view Node-RED flows in FlowFuse directly. Our first step to adding this new feature to FlowFuse is within our [Team Library](/changelog/2024/05/library-flowviewer/). You can now view a visual representation of saved flows in your Team Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In September 2023, Node-RED community member [gorenje](https://github.com/gorenje) created some code that could be used to visualise Node-RED flows without having to load the full Node-RED editor. This was added to the community [flow library](/blog/2023/09/flow-viewer/) and has proven to be a great addition.

With gorenje's support, we've packaged up his library to make it easier to embed in other sites and have made it generally available [here](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flow-renderer). A big thanks to gorenje for laying the ground work and allow us to build on it.

We've wasted no time putting this to good use within FlowFuse. Our first step is within our [Team Library](/changelog/2024/05/library-flowviewer/). You can now view a visual representation of saved flows in your Team Library.
```

## View Flows within Snapshots without loading Node-RED [#3798](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/3798)

The second place we are adding the ability to preview flows is to the Snapshots interface. Again, based on [node-red-flowviewer-js](https://github.com/gorenje/node-red-flowviewer-js), the Flow Viewer will make loading the snapshot you need into your Node-RED instance quicker and easier. 

## Manage Node-RED versions on Devices [#3766](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/pull/3766)

It can be useful to select a sepecific version of Node-RED to run, for example where you are using a custom node which only runs on specific versions of Node-RED. In this release we have added the ability to easily select the version of Node-RED you wish to run on your devices. 

## Full list of release features and bug fixes

> You can view everything included in 2.4 on our [Github](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/releases/tag/v2.4.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view everything included in 2.4 on the [Github Release page](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/releases/tag/v2.4.0).

We also regularly release updates to [FlowFuse Cloud]({{ site.appURL }}) in between our monthly releases. You can follow the updates as they are made via our [ChangeLog](/changelog).
```
